---------------------------------------------
     G.U.A.R.D INTERNAL MESSAGING SYSTEM
---------------------------------------------

From: ANN PIPER (HUMAN RESOURCES AGENT)
Date: 8/13/1985
Subject: Introduction to the G.U.A.R.D Family

Welcome LUNA FLORES,

If you are seeing this message, this means that you have already been granted access to
the Global Anomaly Registry (G.A.R) website. As a result of this, you are officially recognized 
as a member of the Global Unified Anomaly Research Division (G.U.A.R.D). 

On behalf of the Human Resources Department, we at G.U.A.R.D want to congratulate you for deciding to 
join our family. As per our longstanding tradition, new employees are gifted a complimentary welcome kit 
to celebrate their arrival and to help ease the transition from any prior employment to their new roles.
Alongside the kits, mentors are assigned to new employees to further assist in adjusting to our organization.
If you have any questions, they are the go-to people to reach out to for assistance. 

As an employee of G.U.A.R.D., your career is not automatically assigned to you. Instead, we encourage every 
member to pursue their career based on their interests and skillsets. Additionally, if your interests ever
shift, you can always request to opt out and be transferred to another path. Further information about 
career selection will be provided by your assigned mentor. 

Now, we at G.U.A.R.D also value transparency and will be straightforward with you, employee. 
Throughout your career, you will be exposed to highly classified information concerning anomalous
entities, incidents, and phenomena from across the globe. By joining G.U.A.R.D. you have agreed to abide by 
the rules and regulations put forth by G.U.A.R.D. and the U.N. for the safety of humanity. 


You are now a valued member of the G.U.A.R.D family. The work you set out to contribute to will not be easy,
but together we strive to ensure humanity's future is secured. 

Sincerely, 
ANN PIPER

P.S. Your assigned mentor will be: SIMON CRUZER