<GIS>

<TITLE> Careers

Employees are expected to learn and understand all of the available career 
opportunities that exist within G.U.A.R.D. Below is a list of careers that an employee
can choose from. Keep in mind that some careers are not shown due to 
employees current status within the organization. 

If a department is actively looking for new applicants, they
will send out a message within this platform and place flyers up
around our facilities. Please keep an eye out for them if they are of interest.
<BREAK>

<LIST_TITLE> G.U.A.R.D's Main Four

The G.U.A.R.D. Chasers:

G.U.A.R.D. Chasers, or simply known as "Chasers," are the first of the main four
that an employee can choose to join. Their responibility is to seek & encounter
anomalies within reported regions. 

Due to the task at hand, the Chasers always have vacant positions open and are
always accepting new applicants. 
<BREAK>

The G.U.A.R.D. Resolvers:

G.U.A.R.D. Resolvers or simply known as "Resolvers," are the second of the main four
that an employee can choose to join. Their responibility is to be 
the backup of the Chasers and be the ones who try to resolve the anomaly at hand.

Unlike the Chasers whose responibility is simply seeking and reporting anomalies,
resolvers often have more exposure to anomalies due to having to re-expose themselves
to test their proposed solutions.
<BREAK>

The Documentation Team:

The Documentation Team is the third of the main four that an employee
can choose to join. Their responibility is to document & perserve everything that 
is reported by any of the career paths.

While seemingly tame compared to the previous two groups. The Documentation Team
is under high regulation and thus must ensure they are properly documenting all the
information they receive. Additionally, they are tasked with providing the Resolvers
with information that is requested from them and/or they believe might help them if
a possibly connection/similarity is noticed amongst entries.
<BREAK>

The Clean-Up Team: 

The Clean-Up Team is the fourth and final group of the main four that an employee can
choose to join. Their responibility is to clean-up the aftermaths of any
anomalous incidents that have occured.

This group is often the last group to arrive at any given scene. Additionally,
it is the group that has the least amount of yearly applicants. 
<BREAK>

<LIST_TITLE> Additionally Career Options

Independent Researchers:

Independent Researchers or simply known as "IR's," are a minor
subgroup that exists within G.U.A.R.D. that serves to accommodate
employees who wish to work alone. An IR is expected to fulfill 
the role of the four main subgroups for every assignment they undertake.
Amongst all the subgroups, IR's are the least choosen careers but are some of the
highest paying within G.U.A.R.D.
<BREAK>

Security Team:

The Security Team is another subgroup that exists within G.U.A.R.D. Their
responibility is to enforce the rules and safety regulations set forth by G.U.A.R.D 
and the U.N. A security team member is expected to monitor over the activities of
the other departments. Additionally they are in charge of ensuring the safety of
all equipment used within G.U.A.R.D. facilities.
<BREAK>

Human Resources Team:

The Human Resource Team is the most popular of these subgroups that exist within G.U.A.R.D.
Their responibility is to help with human and/or workplace related matters. Due to its
popularity, this department is rarely offering positions. 
<BREAK>

For further career-orientated information, please refer to the contacts section
further below in this HELP section and contact the Career-Orientation Department. 

<END>