<GIS>

<TITLE> Policies and Code of Conduct

As an employee of G.U.A.R.D, you have been given access to classified information that the average
individual will not have access to. Due to the nature of this information and the implications this
could have on the general public, you will also be held at a higher standard to ensure that you are 
following the rules and regulations set forth by G.U.A.R.D and the Unified Nations (UN). Below are some 
policies that we believe our employees should be aware of:
<BREAK>

Anomalous Information Disclosure:

Employees of G.U.A.R.D. are sworn under oath to never disclose any and all information that is or
may hint at anomalous activity. The only exceptions to this policy include: if the information is already
public knowledge, G.U.A.R.D advices / requires employees to disclose said information, or if you
are actively present within a life-or-death anomaly related situation. 
<BREAK>

Off-time Encounters:

In any case where an employee encounters or is exposed to an anomaly. Their priority must be to inform
G.U.A.R.D. as soon as possible. For the sake of humanities future, it is best to be informed of all 
anomalies to ensure the prevention of any and all possible global-level catastrophies from occuring.
<BREAK>

Exit Clause:

Employees who decide to part ways with G.U.A.R.D will be provided assistance with the transition from
their G.U.A.R.D careers back to an ordinary civilian lifestyle. However, since the information the
former employee holds is highly classified, the employee and their family will be relocated to designated
communities composed of other former G.U.A.R.D employees and their families.

These communities are resource-rich and provide all the facilities and services that you would expect to 
see within the outside world. Additionally, the relocation is not permanent. As long,
as the former employee remains alive, the relocation will be in effect. Afterwards, the family will 
be given the option to leave or to stay within these communities. 

If the former employee wishes to go somewhere outside the designated communities, they may submit a 
request at the communities management center. If the request is approved, G.U.A.R.D will provide 
transportation to the requested location and designate personnel to accompany the
employee's family for the duration of the trip. 
<BREAK>

If you wish to get a more comprehensive look at these policies. 
Please contact the HR Department and request the most recent version of the 
policy handbook. 

<END>