<GIS>

<TITLE> Anomaly Related Warnings

Employees are expected to know the following three main anomaly warnings in case
of anomalous incidents occuring within G.U.A.R.D. Facilities. 
<BREAK>

DISAPPEARANCE:

In certain cases, G.U.A.R.D. experimentation of contained anomalies (or anomalous remnant)
can result in the sudden disappearance of either anomaly inself or disappearance of G.U.A.R.D 
personnel and/or property. If such a case happens, please be advised to first procure your nearest
G.U.A.R.D. protection kit along with your nearest G.U.A.R.D. search and safety kit. Make an
announcement of the incident under code 'ACT-DIS.'

Once you have the required items, please begin to search around your localized area to see if you
find anything in regards to the anomaly or G.U.A.R.D. If anything is found, please announce
your findings via the walkie talkie within your search and safety kit. If nothing is found
after an hour of searching, please announce code 'DIS-NULL' along with your current location 
over the walkie talkie and move onto the next area, unless specified otherwised.

Please also remember to pay attention to all transmissions for news of additionally 
disappearances, warnings, and announcements.
<BREAK>

OUTBREAK:

In certain cases, G.U.A.R.D. experimentation of contained anomalies (or anomalous remnant)
can result in the anomaly breaking out of containment. If such a case happens, please immediately
evacuate the area and if possible try to find a G.U.A.R.D. search and safety kit to announce the
location of the outbreak. When you make the announcement, make sure to report it as a code 
'ACT-OUTBREAK.' 

In cases, where the anomaly is lethal, please try your best to create an opportunity to secure containment
once again. It is not required and we understand everyone will act differently under such extreme
circumstances. 

Please also remember to pay attention to all transmissions for news of additionally outbreaks,
warnings, and announcements.
<BREAK>

DISPLACEMENT:

In certain cases, G.U.A.R.D. experimentation of contained anomalies (or anomalous remnant)
can result with either reality or time becoming distorted. If such a case happens, please immediately
evacuate the area (if possible) and try to find a G.U.A.R.D. search and safety kit to announce
the location of the displacement. When you make the announcement, make sure to report it as a code
'ACT-DISPLACE.'

In cases, where the employee finds themselves within the displacement, remain calm and
focus your mind on what you know to be reality, where you belong, and who you are. Remember that 
under extreme psychological exposure, it is easy to lose touch of yourself. Eventually,
the displacement should end naturally or by G.U.A.R.D. intervention.

Please also remember to pay attention to all transmissions for news of additionally displacements,
warnings, and announcements.
<BREAK>

If you need addtionally information, please contact the HR Department or your assigned mentor.

<END>

